Tests ran at 30 Apr 09 27 PM

33 tests passed out of 35 tests.

assignment_001/tests.py::test_serialize_employee_object_with_valid_details[expected_result0]: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_serialize_employee_object_with_none_for_non_required_fields[expected_result0]: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_serialize_employee_object_with_null_for_is_best_employee[expected_result0]: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_deserialize_employee_json_data_to_employee_object_with_valid_details[employee_data0]: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_deserialize_employee_json_data_to_employee_object_with_non_required_fields[employee_json_data0]: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_deserialize_employee_json_data_to_employee_object_with_nullable_fields_values[employee_json_data0]: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_serialize_list_of_employee_objects_with_valid_details[expected_result0]: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_serialize_list_of_employee_objects_with_ignore_non_required_fields[expected_result0]: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_serialize_list_of_employee_objects_with_nullable_fields[expected_result0]: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_serializer_with_empty_list: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_deserialize_data_to_list_of_employee_objects_with_valid_details[employees_data0]: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_deserialize_data_to_list_of_employee_objects_with_ignore_non_required_fields[employees_data0]: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_deserialize_data_to_list_of_employee_objects_with_nullable_fields_values: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_deserialize_data_to_list_of_employee_objects_with_out_required_fields_value[employees_data0]: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_deserialize_employee_json_data_to_employee_object_without_required_fields[employee_json_data0]: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_serialize_employee_with_company_object_with_valid_details[expected_result0]: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_serialize_employee_with_company_object_with_ignore_non_required_fields_values[expected_result0]: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_serialize_employee_with_company_object_with_nullable_fields_values[expected_result0]: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_deserialize_data_to_employee_with_company_object_with_valid_data[employee_with_company_json_data0]: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_deserialize_data_to_employee_with_company_object_with_ignore_non_require_fields_values[employee_with_company_json_data0]: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_deserialize_data_to_employee_with_company_object_with_nullable_fields_values[employee_with_company_json_data0]: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_deserialize_data_to_employee_with_company_object_with_ignore_required_fields_values: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_serialize_company_with_employees_object_with_valid_data[expected_employees0]: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_serialize_company_with_employees_objects_With_employees_is_empty_list: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_serialize_company_with_employees_object_with_ignore_non_required_fields_values[expected_employees0]: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_serialize_company_with_employees_object_with_nullable_fields_values[expected_employees0]: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_deserialize_data_to_company_with_employees_object_with_valid_data[employees_data0]: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_deserialize_data_to_company_with_employees_object_with_employees_is_empty_list: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_deserialize_data_to_company_with_employees_object_with_ignore_non_required_fileds_values[employees_data0]: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_deserialize_data_to_company_with_employees_object_with_nullable_fileds_values[employees_data0]: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_deserialize_data_to_company_with_employees_object_with_ignore_required_fileds_values: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_employee_serializer_class: failed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_company_serializer_class: passed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_employee_with_company_details_serializer_class: failed
assignment_001/tests.py::test_company_with_employee_details_serializer_class: passed


Errors: 0 errors

